mmm
the gouda vibes burger i didn't even
know i liked gouda until this and that
is just one of the delicious new fall
recipes i've discovered thanks to
hellofresh find out why hello fresh is
america's number one meal kit get up to
14 free meals including free shipping
when you use code face 14 at
hellofresh.com
face 14.
[Music]
so i'm just there uh [__] in hand
calling the police because someone's
looking at me
well no i don't hello and welcome to
another episode of the face podcast
is that you want to start it there
sure
well wait gavin say i editor can you
please start it with get the episode
starts with gavin saying so i'm just
standing there with [__] in hand calling
the police and that's the beginning of
the episode
um
yeah i guess without context that's
interesting it's definitely an
interesting sentence so gavin you were
saying you had your [__] in your hand
you were on the phone with the cops you
were in your yard
continue
um
and then the little boy went to sleep
that was the end of the fairy tale why'd
you have to make it about kids yeah no i
was just trying to make it fictional
to the worst possible place you made it
way worse that might have been that
might have been the worst pivot possible
oh it was by far the worst
i think we may i think you may have
pivoted us into a into a new start of
the episode can i just i'll pivot to
just a description one how we're talking
about if you're pissing in your yard
yeah and if somebody sees is that
indecent exposure i don't think it is
you're in the privacy of your own
backyard yeah so i was i was saying that
surely if my knob is out in view of
other people's homes that's still
indecent exposure and andrew was saying
that it
would be only weird if they kept looking
so i thought maybe
are they in the wrong i just i don't
know the rules of that because you're in
your own space i think it's different
let's say if you built like a seven foot
wooden platform stood on top of it and
then was just doing whatever you want to
do up there i think that's a different
conversation but if you're just on
ground level
in your yard you say it's an altitude
thing i think so well if you are
if you are presenting yourself beyond
the i think if you've elevated above the
fence would be my rule of thumb
then it's an issue then you got a
problem but as long as you're touching
the ground i think you're all good
all right here we go here we go nothing
to do with it here we go i looked it up
so this is only this is only for the
state of texas so it may be different in
england and in canada uh or the other 49
states in america uh you may be charged
with indecent exposure in texas if you
expose your naked body to the public
while on your private property okay
i was right so the pub so public being
potentially just a public place outside
but what if it's private property to
protect it says if you expo oh to the
well
so you're saying you on your private
property expose yourself to someone on
their privacy yeah yeah basically like i
could understand it if i'm in my front
doorway
i think the public in this instance
probably refers to anyone who isn't uh
living on your property okay this would
be i i would guess that would be like
the legal definition that's what i would
have guessed
yeah
oh my god i closed that window and you
know what was the previous window cosmic
crisps
i reached out to them yesterday oh yeah
yeah i hope we get a reply i reached out
november 8th baby
very excited i have another apple drops
i have a question uh kind of about u.s
law that's curious about that well it's
kind of a strangely specific question
i'm watching the halloween movies i
think i've mentioned that before
and i just watched halloween
resurrection which is a movie all about
michael myers is in his house
and then they go to the michael myers
home and then he kills a bunch of people
is it
does he do anything illegal technically
in that movie in certain scenarios
trespassing yeah because they're all
trespassing as curious if technically
michael myers is completely legal
in all of his action i think it depends
on what state he's in
they're in
i think illinois right illinois i'm not
sure i'm not sure what the stand your
ground laws are in illinois but yeah as
this is watching you think this is very
odd i think that might be because what
comes after halloween resurrection uh
they reboot it with the rob rob zombie
halloween right so that's probably why
there was a reboot is he was innocent
and uh they were like we can't we can't
prosecute this guy for defending his
home territory so as a property so we'll
have to reboot the series and we'll
bring in a heavy hitter like rob [__]
zombie
well when you bring in somebody like
busta rhymes into your universe you have
to start over if you can't bring it back
that's you need a pallet cleanser
i don't know but busta rhymes is the
best part of that movie by far he was
pretty great he was pretty great have
you seen halloween resurrection gavin no
i've never i don't think i've ever seen
anything apart from the first one
there's a scene where buster rhymes
dresses up as michael myers and michael
meyer starts following him
as michael myers and then he turns
around and he thinks that somebody else
dressed as michael myers he's like what
are you doing here i'm the michael myers
of this show what are you doing get out
of here skedaddle michael myers
skidaddle get out of here and michael
myers just like turns around and walks
away it's great buster rhymes is the
only good thing about that movie is
fantastic
oh so did we start the episode yeah no i
feel like we're well in at this point
gavin
73 i believe
73. i was talking to andrew a little bit
before we started gav before you before
you showed up early which was shocking
uh yeah it's a way let this be known
episode 73 i think is the first episode
you've ever shown up early for uh i
don't know if that's true i don't think
that's the second
second episode you've ever showed up
early for not sure how i feel about it
to be honest with you i feel like uh the
six minutes leading up to the episode is
my safe space with andrew to talk about
you
yeah i think i was about
five or six minutes early i just wanted
to uh get get my tools ready no i hear
you
we got a lot to talk about today uh
first off gavin got a little peek last
night uh got an update on the baseball
throw we need to deal with that oh [__]
uh there's a timeline that we need to uh
lay out what do you mean a timeline uh i
would just say andrew don't don't get
your hopes up i'm [__] he's he's
jeffing this isn't he no no kevin please
you have to support me here no there's
uh
what are you what have you done you're
extenuating circumstances oh [__] you
i would say he's
he's jeff again but it's out of his
hands okay thank you uh i would like to
talk about how uh you know the the first
off i don't know if we covered it in an
episode i don't think we did cause i
don't think it happened yet but the
baseball knobs sold out in an hour and
nine minutes which was phenomenal the
hell's a baseball knob baseball bat knob
i'm sorry oh because i'm getting ahead
of myself the baseball bat knobs we sold
a thousand of them in uh in about an
hour and nine minutes so thank you so
much for supporting such a dumb idea
put a lot of love and effort into it uh
they ruined uh the comfort of my home
for a good couple most of the summer as
i had to move them around from room to
room to get anywhere and uh i'm pretty
sure it put a strain on the relationship
that i didn't realize at the time
between my girlfriend and i but things
have been better since the bat knobs are
gone i'll say that
uh anyway so overwhelmed with the
support uh and we wanted to come up with
what to do next we talked about uh a
thousand baseballs and i had uh i was
actually talking about with emily at
lunch of the day i think we landed on a
great way to figure out how to sign and
not sign some of the balls so let me let
me i've already talked about this with
gavin but let me present it to you
andrew okay but before you do can i just
put a last the last pile of dirt on the
on the knobs the last comment about the
knob and the bad situation yeah i
ordered one haven't got mine yet my
confusion i've said multiple times i'm
still kind of confused about part of it
so we just there's a hundred
you sawed off a hundred knobs from
full-size bats and the bad ends had the
logo on it and we sent out a hundred
random bad ends right with the knobs
like 100 random people got them
is that correct
okay continue your story well i'm just
i'm just confirming that was the thing
100 random people got full bats right uh
i don't know if it was 100 random or the
first hundred to order i'm not sure but
uh i don't have anybody from the store
here to ask okay whatever 100 people got
a bet i don't unders so when we started
we're like why don't we sell full bats
wait wait they got their own bat piece
for their own knob i don't think so i
don't i don't did they i think so yeah i
don't know
we're still confused we're confused on a
whole other level i just don't under go
ahead
what are you gonna defeat the whole
purpose about trying to find your back
end i don't know if that was even a part
of it my confusion was that we were
gonna sell full bats
and we were it was like oh we can't do
that logistical nightmare not not the
it's just complicated
but we've sold full batch that we're
just in two pieces and one piece is only
like two inches off the bottom so i
don't know what i'm saying like that's
why we sold mini bats it's because full
bats yeah well yeah because uh it turns
out
a full bat is uh two inches too big so
we had to cut them to make them check
the boxes so yeah
fair enough i just i was confused yeah
no uh
initially
when we looked into it it looked like it
was going to be difficult to sell a full
bat
uh and ship it but as we perfected and
went through the process painstakingly
over months and months and months they
were able to work out a solution to [__]
i'm happy they did wait so originally we
didn't sell a full bat because we
thought it was gonna be too difficult so
we sold a tiny bat then we found out you
could i'll be honest and then we still
didn't i'll be honest i don't remember
why we did or didn't i don't remember if
i was wanting to sell a full no we
talked about it
they're like posters can't do it i just
remember wanted wanting to do something
after
manually burning in the numbers and all
the bats i wanted i wanted to manipulate
the next product in some way and to
continue that lineage which is where i'm
going i love i love that you love the
bat knob andrew i love that you bought
one to show your support i love that you
uh you've registered your confusion it
is officially uh on the books it's a
regulation registration so that's that's
there forever it's there it's in it's
entered in so we have that thank you uh
but i would like to move on from the
past the highly successful thousand bat
knob run past talk about a thousand
baseballs we talked about taking a
thousand baseballs putting a face logo
on them and then we joked around about
if i could hit it like i could swing at
a thousand baseballs how many would i
hit or not maybe the ones that i hit we
could sell the ones that i don't hit or
we could sell as as a on a different
tier and the ones that i swing and miss
on if there are any if there are any
that i miss uh those would be sold at a
different rate right so then a a
having a lunch brainstorm and came up
with this idea credit goes to emily for
helping me come up with it uh what if i
take the i already have all this
equipment right i saved four or five
full-size baseball bats they're in my
they're in my spare bedroom so i can
take the full-size baseball bats then i
can take the wood burning kit that i
have and i can autograph my name deeply
into the barrel over and over again kind
of all over like maybe put like 20
autographs all over the bat barrel right
where you connect with the ball then we
get a big bucket of ink or paint okay
we stand it next to a
next to uh to home plate in a batter's
box and then we put all we load a
thousand baseballs into the picturing
machine then i dip the bat in into the
ink or paint and then i swing in a ball
and when i connect with the ball my the
paint that has now gotten into the
grooves of the baseball bat uh of my
signature connects with the ball and it
stamps my signature on the ball and
that's how we autograph a thousand
baseballs i love this idea i think it's
a fantastic i think it's the best idea
ever i think it's a great idea but i i
think it should be like a blind box
situation where you they're all the same
price but you don't know whether you'll
get a hit or not okay i'm fine with that
too i'm fine with that too i don't i i
don't care how we portion it out i just
want to i just want to do it and i mean
i suspect it'll be interesting because
if i out of out of a thousand swings i i
may hit 900 balls so it may be rarer not
to get an autograph in this situation
than to get one i was going the other
way i was immediately thinking with
gavin's idea i think the concern is we
might be greatly overestimating how many
pulls you could hit there might only be
like 85 balls with
autographs so uh anyway i'm excited
about getting jumping into that uh and
hitting the thousand balls and all that
but i wanna get the ball throw out of
the way first so i wanna you know talk
about a timeline
uh and and unfortunately that's been
pushed back just a teeny bit because of
some because of some issues okay
should we get straight into your issues
yeah okay well he let me preface by
saying uh i went to a party on saturday
oh no a daytime yard party right
uh
fred it was lovely i hadn't been in a
backyard like garden party and since
before coveted it was amazing i had a
lovely time i got to speak to some
interesting people catch up with some
old friends nothing none of it related
to the day job outside of work stuff it
was really great uh however uh in the
process i was talking to another friend
of mine who was explaining that he
uh for like two years had had what he
thought was like a pulled muscle on his
groin kind of like near his hip
and uh it just would like never heal or
heal for a couple weeks and then he
would re-pull it and then and eventually
he just got so frustrated with it he
mentioned it to a doctor when he was
like in a physical and the doctor was
like oh you probably have a groinal
hernia and he was like yeah most people
think of hernias as like you get that
like bulge when your intestines are
poking out or whatever but aggroinal
hernia they don't poke out it's just
like a muscle tear and so he uh he had a
ct scan and he found out he had one and
he uh he got it sewn up and now he's on
the mend right
so
as he was explaining that to me i was
realizing that what he's describing i
live with i've lived with for probably
six years
uh i have a thing
that is i have a pulled muscle and like
to the left like kind of under my i
don't know like where your leg creases
kind of on my left leg that uh is like a
pulled muscle that never quite heals and
comes and goes and feels wrong like it
feels different than a pulled muscle and
it's [__] it drives me nuts and i
always just think i'm a wimp right so
that i was thinking
before i throw this [__] baseball
maybe i should go to the doctor and make
sure i don't have a hernia because i
don't want to i don't want to cause any
additional damage because i'm about to
go through some serious uh serious
training regimen i have tools i have
supply i went to the [__] sports
store my trunk is full of [__] uh so
that i can begin this process so i just
need to go to the doctor as of saturday
i just needed to go to the doctor uh
just just bounce this off him he could
say no idiot it's there's no way you
have a hernia go home you're fine throw
your baseball or you can say let's get a
ct scan and see oh you do have a hernia
you probably rip your leg off if you
threw this baseball 80 miles an hour
let's patch that up for a couple you
take a month off and then you're ready
to go right i i i'm desperate to
complete this challenge because i know i
can do it i just have to set myself up
for success
okay after that
that little bit of knowledge which in my
head i think all right this is pushing
this is pushing the baseball down a
little down the road a little bit but
not too much andrew will understand
then i was feeling great andrew i was
feeling on top of the world uh saturday
night i decided to play tennis so uh
emily and millie and i went out we
played we played tennis from like eight
to ten on saturday night like with the
lights on at the park it was [__]
cool uh felt awesome sunday got up went
on a 22 mile bike ride the weather was
beautiful i could go at my own speed
because i wasn't dragging gavin or
trevin trevor behind me it was super
easy uh it was just it was perfect i
came home
i'm telling you i was on top of the
world i felt like i was 25 years old
again andrew i was full of sun my body
was lean and exercised i was full of
that that post-workout energy i looked
at the backyard and i thought i'm going
to cut this [__] grass today that's
what i'm going to do i'm going to be
product i had fun this morning i'm going
to be productive this afternoon and i
walked into the house and walked into
the bedroom and i saw some laundry on
the on the sofa in the bedroom and i
said uh oh before i cut the grass why
don't i put that folded laundry away and
be doubly productive because i'm in such
a good mood i'm doing house chores just
sorry
quick pot is this related to the to the
photo of laundry that we saw or is this
is this a separate this is that's the
pho that's the photo yeah okay emily
sent you guys a picture of laundry what
do you think happened andrew
uh
i don't know at this point it's clearly
jeff got injured somehow trying to fold
laundry it sounds like
i will say it's very funny because you
went on a list of like every sporting
event a human could do you're like i did
this i did that i did that i kept
waiting for the injury to happen if
you're gonna tell me that it happened on
a folding laundry incident i didn't fold
this laundry andrew okay you're just
grabbing i i i wasn't the one to fold it
yeah it was uh i believe it was two
pairs of pants
uh girl pants so they're smaller it's my
girlfriend's pants not mine and two two
or three of her t-shirts all folded up
and i just bent over to pick it up and
the second i i i reached my destination
my hands reached that uh
that little pile of laundry i realized i
would never be able to stand again
my back
in that moment
broke in half oh no
i've never felt the pain
like that like the muscle pull
emily was on the phone with her parents
having like a like sunday call
and i went
and i just i just collapsed and i became
instantly bedridden
and i i just got out of bed yesterday
yesterday was my wednesday was my first
day out of bed i for the first day i
showed it together meg i uh because they
came over for survivor last night i had
to have a chair next to the bed so that
i could stand up and then push the chair
like like old people walkers i could
push the chair just to the toilet so i
could pee and back and that process half
an hour half an hour to pee easily and
excruciatingly painful i have sneezed
more this week than in my entire life
each sneeze is like getting pun it's
like getting it's like bane snapping
batman's back in half that's what it
feels like to sneeze
it has been
brutal
brutal i tell you i have been i'm
sitting in a special chair is the only
way i can sit up in my house so i'm
looking up at my computer like a little
like like i'm a [__] toddler because
it's so far above me it i i cannot tell
you the hell that i have been in since
sunday afternoon you do not need to
explain that you're forgetting you're
talking to the man with the worst ankles
possibly on the plane i understand that
pain
because survivor is always the day
before we record face we always try and
avoid anything that might be mentioned
on purpose but we i had that picture
that he said both of us and um
he was moving real slow he was
hobbling around between rooms and i was
like
wait are you injured and he would just
like i don't want to talk about it
i held off for as long as i could he was
at like the the speed of a 90 year old
it was
but also trying to play it off like he
wasn't that injured
so bad
and then and then he pulled the photo up
and he and meg started trying to guess
it and so eventually it came out but
yeah
because i immediately saw the laundry
and i thought well jeff is [__] all
those clothes
i didn't i didn't know an injury was
even a factor i couldn't
move it around i was like oh well
yeah an absolute how did jeff [__] on
this pile of clothing what did he do to
destroy it did he drop another like
smoothie bomb and it went all over the
clothes
there's some [__]
how do you shoot his jeans at his shirt
and his
socks oh my god guys i'm i moved my
toaster last week and i cleaned up more
smoothie wow
[Laughter]
it was behind the toaster somehow so i
need to
i need to just double check i may have
missed this did you not have a shoulder
issue was that just what what was that
what shoulder issue the whole you opened
this whole story about how you talked to
a guy that had a thing wrong with his
hip and it turned out to be an issue oh
a hernia yeah i don't know yeah i got so
i just this is where i am in the
timeline i have to get back to where i
can leave the house again like mobile
and move around and stuff and when i do
that like when i'm capable of leaving
the house i will then go to the doctor
get this hernia thing checked out once i
get the aok from the doctor then i'm
gonna throw a [__] baseball jack just
asked me today he was like would you be
willing to do your first baseball throw
on extra life as like a charity thing so
i was gonna talk that over with you guys
and see if you want to allow minor
league fan jack to co-opt our uh silly
uh thing for the greater good or if we
should tell them to go suck eggs
but anyway uh i just wanted to give you
a heads up that's why i haven't thrown
the ball yet it's because i just have to
get through these these minor setbacks
so that i can throw the ball
healthy so that then i can uh have my
three months to if i need it to get to
80 miles an hour and then then it's
[__] then i'm teeing off on the
baseballs boom signature boom signature
boom signature should we have a wall
behind you for all of the strikes
like different colored eggs
yeah it just says like loser stamped on
to it so the ball hits that
i have complete sympathy for your
situation jeff i hope your back gets
better soon i hope it's thank you not a
long-term injury i will say though and i
just want to throw this out there i feel
like you coin storied us again i really
feel like that you just did another
version of the coin store at the sock
the sock thing i think you just did that
twice well i feel like the build up was
necessary because he did all this other
stuff in the day that wasn't you know
that was way more intensive than laundry
picking we learned a thing about him
that had nothing ultimately to do with
the point of his story
and it just if anything was like a fake
tease
everything i told you is germane to my
ability to throw this ball if i have a
hernia i gotta get that fixed before i
can throw the ball but if i don't have a
hernia then we're fine but that that's
unrelated to what's currently happening
you can't correct correct go through it
it's like a series of events well
because it's something that we got to
deal with between now and the ball
because now that i know about the pot
the possibility of a groinal hernia i
have to investigate it it has to be
dealt with before i can throw the ball
so i i don't want to throw i
pardon the the the reference but i don't
want to throw a curveball
in the 11th hour when you're not
expecting and be like oh by the way i
forgot to tell you because i don't want
to pile on uh because i didn't think it
was necessary to the laundry story that
i also have a hernia like three weeks
from now or some [__] i want i want to
give you all the information i have as i
have it okay so this is you're saying
there are no other possible issues this
is it this is you wanted it all at one
time the hurdles are your back and you
might have a hernia the other the other
potential issue but i'm dealing with it
and i won't let it be a problem
is i have uh i have uh seemed to have
developed a pretty sense pretty severe
case of tennis elbow
uh from my tennis lessons but i bought a
i bought it
in my throwing arm but i bought a
compression sleeve so uh
i'm gonna worry about it
i think
okay
there's no way you're throwing 80
regardless
i got this i got this we just got to get
through these minor health hiccups so
make sure that i'm in [__] fit as a
fiddle and then i'm going to start
throwing the heat you're gonna be the
first person to end up in a full body
cast from throne that's what's gonna
happen
i don't think you should try
[Laughter]
i just i just have to do it in a way
that's not going to snap my back in half
oh
wow okay so we have no idea when your
back will heal hopefully soon hope it's
quick then
i [__] hope so dude because i'm i'm
out of town next week to go ride roller
coasters
i hope i can do that also i can't record
next week but i assume everybody knew
that okay anyway that was my that was my
small update on where the ball is
uh in progress
still in progress never stop being in
progress i assumed in progress gonna be
even longer with the injury i still i
don't think
i don't think i'm gonna guess you throw
50 and i don't think you get above 65.
and i assume
that you're gonna blame the ball that's
my ultimate guess for all this stuff
you're gonna go through all the [__]
medical exams you're going through it's
like you're going to space the amount of
training you're going through this and
then you're just going to be like the
balls off and then just deny we'll be
delaying for the weather a few times
absolutely if you two are gonna be at
the same place for it we're never gonna
get it done you guys gotta do it
independently this [__] he
continues to be just an albatross
around the neck of a good time
let me tell you [__] last night we're
watching survivor everything's fine
everything's going a-okay we're like i
don't know four-fifths of the way
through the show and gavin goes
no power went out uh hulu seems to be
working uh
nothing got in the way of us watching
the episode and meg looked at him and
goes you [__] [__] you just jinxed
us he's like ah
british that's not real whatever dumb
[__] he said
not two minutes later in tribal council
in the middle of tribal council [__]
halo hulu goes out
comes back goes down again
[Music]
everyone was extremely mad at me and i
feel like i was only
40 to blame god damn dude why did you
say that
i can't i'm just i'm still sad i'm still
disappointed about the the outcome
i don't know if spoilers are not or
whatever i'm not going to say the person
but i feel like it was a devastating
loss to the season i think he's
the person
i i truly believe it i was so excited
every week to hear a different take on
broccoli and how he fumbles it but
he doesn't know what he was saying
oh he was he was my pick to win i love
how he's self-aware about that too yeah
that was great i really [__] sucked
at that yeah
i didn't like how i said it
i assumed that he would like go over to
the guy and be all private about it i
didn't expect him to just [__]
declare on the mat i don't think that's
i don't think they have to do all that
context because then he walked over and
was like i'm sure that like i don't
think you need to
i think they do have to say in front of
everyone
well i don't okay
it's such a favorite thing
jeff's always like
all right
weird even though he knows exactly
what's going on
oh
yeah jeff bruce is great at playing that
[__] straight he's like if you say so
moving on anyway that's the survivor
update of the week
yeah i will say
the one thing that was great about
watching it last night was
you know we all picked our characters
and you know gavin picked brad and i
picked tiffany and last night was just
an it was just watching we both could
tell one of us was going home and it was
just watching two people
just [__]
just fall fall through survival my pick
had a big sway in the decision we were
all involved in some way you two felt
like one of you were going home
my pick was like i got to make this
choice
disappointed
disappointed in my pick just hum and do
some evil [__] that's what you do
vote the other one
oh uh if you want for the baseball
portion of this non-baseball podcast i
will say uh yankees red sox wild card
game the other night there was so much
don zimmer coverage it was awesome he
showed up in a bunch of different
vignettes they showed the pedro fight
they had all kinds of zimmer coverage if
you're a zimmer if you're a fan of the
zim it was a good it was a good time to
tune in i'm so glad you mentioned that
because i was watching that and they had
a cut they were doing like history of
the series between the teams and they
just showed an image of don zimmer face
in the grass when he fell that's like
that's a nice flattering image
of all the images for that you choose
that to be the representation of
face first on impact and pedro martinez
uh who threw him uh you know the pedro
in the don pedro project that i'm
working on he uh he is one of the color
commentators for like the
uh tia or tbs like before the game
coverage with ernie from uh inside the
nba on tnt then he's very funny and very
uh colorful i'll say he's a funny dude
[Applause]
this podcast is sponsored by better help
online therapy the best way to think
about therapy is through a bunch of
analogies we get oil changes for our
cars to prevent bigger issues down the
road we see the doctor and we go to the
gym to take care of our bodies to
prevent injury and disease we do chores
while some of us do chores regularly to
avoid messy houses going to therapy is
like all of the above it is routine
maintenance for your mental and
emotional wellness to prevent bigger
issues down the road going to therapy
doesn't mean that something's wrong with
you it means you're investing in
yourself to keep your mind healthy
better help is customized online therapy
that offers video phone and even live
chat sessions with your therapist so you
don't have to see anyone on camera if
you don't want to it is much more
affordable than in-person therapy and
you can start communicating with your
therapist in under 48 hours why invest
in everything else and not your mind
this podcast is sponsored by better help
and face listeners get 10 off their
first month at betterhelp.com
face that's b-e-t-t-e-r-h-l-e-p
dot com
face tushy the modern bidet company
washes away even the messiest of poops
leaving you with a better clean than
toilet paper discuss your worst poop
experiences and how tushy could have
helped i routinely discuss my poop
experiences uh good and bad on this very
podcast
indeed gross detail uh and i uh i
mention uh uh
quite often about the efficacy of
cleaning your butthole with water think
of it this way is your butt right now
clean enough to sit on your couch naked
if no get a tushy the modern bidet that
attaches directly to your toilet in
under 10 minutes tushy is the modern
bidet for people who poop modernly think
of it this way you don't want to be some
old pooper living in the past adhering
to some old aristocracy when the modern
people are taking modern dumps in a
modern bidet it's easy to install it
attaches to the toilet in under 10
minutes it doesn't require electricity
or plumbing and it reduces your toilet
paper use by 80 percent saving you money
and earth trees so start washing with a
tushy bidet for a better clean go to
hellotushy.com
face to get 10 off plus free shipping
this is a special offer for our
listeners at hellotushy.com
face for 10
off after you buy and install your tushy
show it off tag us and at hellotushi on
instagram
should we talk about garlic
where oh
my front door just um let me go see if
my garlic thing showed up i'll be right
back what do you mean you're garlic we
should also cover the um
see i'm not a blank guy list yeah
oh i think we need to touch on garlic
and then and then we could do that
yeah you want to do it that way around i
think so because i've had my foot in
garlic for an hour now
so
i feel like we need to mention it it was
supposed to you always just do stuff
well no no no no let me here the science
said you had to do it an hour before
that it didn't kick in until an hour
into it so you're the only one partaking
in this experiment so i put it in has
not been why did you tell me when i was
six minutes early
now
i didn't know it getting ready men i
didn't know anyone else was doing garlic
i'm cool i'm getting garlic i'm making
cheese and pickle sandwiches
dude i'm getting all the [__] what do
you mean what what are you talking about
we're halfway through you're too late
anyway are we regardless are we
garlickin well did you hear that jeff
i've been garlicking no what's up
apparently [__] the experiment only
works if you've had your foot in garlic
for an hour so i was saying why didn't
he tell me that when i was six minutes
early i could have dunked the first i've
been sitting here next to a tray of
garlic i could have put my foot in it
okay
i think the second thing is you need to
contain it as well like it's it's you
need to wrap it it's not just that your
foot is in i think it's a reformation no
no no no not to contain it i dude i i
saw your garlic i have like minced
liquid garlic that's gonna be that's
gonna [__] that's it's gonna seep
into my pores hold on which foot
let me i'll show you i'll post i got
i've been wearing a garlic shoe for this
entire podcast so oh this sucks i'm
going out for a meal tonight i'm gonna
be just tasting garlic based on the
freaking stuff that was on my foot an
hour ago this is this is my foot i'm
just good garlic [__]
so here andrew's foot is wrapped that is
the most disgusting picture i've ever
seen
i can i can one-up you buddy hold on a
second oh that's just gonna be full of
sweat there's no way that's gone
he sweat locked his foot and there's
garlic in the back you're supposed to
contain it and it takes an hour so i
thought we'd break it up at the
beginning and i'd say when the garlic
kicked it
we're 30 minutes in i'm starting to get
some garlic and a knife and i was just
gonna spread some on well your foot i
got a foot full of garlic and i ordered
a steak so i can see if i can flavor the
steak in my mouth with the
garlic yeah i made a cheese and branston
sandwich and i was gonna knife some
garlic onto the bottom of my foot and
see if i could taste it in the sandwich
wait
you thought that you'd immediately taste
garlic after you just spread it on the
rolls
what are you spreading what type of
spread you got an aioli what are you
doing what do you mean
it's a little ju is it oh let me oh
jesus
i got my foot in garlic and i got my
steak right here
it looks like you're imprinting your
foot
what is the what is the thing what is
the dressing in that that olive oil what
is it no it's just it's just minced
garlic oh
it's pure it's pure garlic
are you just gonna post a [__] photo
of a butter knife gavin what are you
gonna do what was your setup it makes no
sense i was just
hold on
you post the picture i was just gonna
knife some of that
does that not count
oh here's my steak
also it's supposed to just be an
unseasoned steak there's no way that's
not seasoned what are you doing i
ordered it i ordered an unseasoned steak
and the steakhouse canceled my order two
minutes before the podcast started so i
had to order something from outback
steakhouse
you're telling me that steak isn't
seasoned
look at that steak
all right it's going on the foot pepper
all over the place what are you doing
it's not seasoning garlic it's seasoned
and pepper
oh it's some oil in this
oh i got broccoli where on the foot is
is the prime area i it's the heel i
believe but oh my god i put it
everywhere except my heel
doing
the heel you know what i mean you're not
giving me any information you're just
your instructions are have it on your
heel an hour ago
yeah you're you're [__] salad you're
you're making a salad out of this dude
what do you mean i'm the only one who
did it right i didn't know the
safeguarded the information and didn't
let us have it well i didn't know you're
gonna use it first of all from the
things i've said this is just incorrect
if anything you should be happy jeff
you're eating a [__] steak that looks
delicious
yeah it's good but i can't taste the
garlic it looks like i've stepped in cat
vomit what are you doing gavin what why
would you do that let's see your foot
no i don't want to see it no it's too
gross
i don't want to make please content i'm
out
it's on there it's on there trust me
oh jesus christ
how much did you put on should we not
release these photos
no you could really if you want to make
foot stuff then go for it
just really narrow it in the specific
category of foot on garlic finally
something it says fart hard in that
picture
it's a great photo have you rolled your
ankle it looks swollen it's just the
angle oh okay
it always looks weird if i take him at
the wrong angle
all right so so far
i can smell a lot of garlic well you
just opened it of course like i don't
know i can't taste this garlic yep yeah
i'm i'm gonna take it by the sandwich an
hour
i think it takes an hour to kick in
tasting
garlic with feet
like cheese and pickle so i'll just
leave my foot in the thing
well andrew you've had uh you've had
your foot in garlic for a full hour how
does it how does it taste i'm not
getting a lot of taste yet i'm getting
some some through the nose like i feel
like i can smell it like deep
deep in the nose but it's not it's not
in the mouth yet you think maybe that's
all it is
i mean we'll find out
we're gonna i'm i'm in a position if i'm
gonna taste it i'm gonna take like we
will find out definitively
i got some bread i was gonna have garlic
toast or garlic bread there's no garlic
on the bread just foot garlic
i will say the um
the cheese and brenson sandwich with
gentle wuffs of garlic it's pretty nice
i'm not sure i'm tasting it uh what's
your food that you're eating i'm eating
bread i was gonna do garlic bread yeah
garlic bread was the idea are you a
garlic bread guy
i'm a huge garlic bread guy
love garlic bread get some cheese on
there melted fanta it's a great food and
i think it might be the best bread i'd
go as far as thing garlic bread is the
best bread uh oh i don't know i'd have
to think about that for a while but it
is very very good i'm i'm i'm recently a
two things guy i know we're gonna do a
whole segment about your things but i
just discovered i am a i was talking
about gavin last night i want to get
into this in a big way with face i'm a
koozie guy now i'm falling hard for
koozies and oh my god are you guys aware
of pastrami
i was like an idea
phenomenal
i am a [__]
pastrami guy
through and through i have discovered
over the course of the last like three
weeks i cannot get enough pastrami in me
it is so good okay i've never eaten
pastrami before
how do you never
pastrami
yeah it's not a big thing in this like
in the south in america
yeah
yeah oh that's my bad i should have said
the hour i'll i'll th that's on me oh
that's
like face up what are you doing you
don't have the thing to put your foot
into well i don't have a tray i was just
going to spread it on hoping it'd be
like butter but it is chewing
it's more the consistency of catsick so
it's sort of if i don't keep my foot
upright it's just gonna slough off onto
the carpet i just the decisions it's my
fault about the hour i don't know what
you're doing with your game plan the
fact you don't have a tray that's a
clear cookie sheet situation
i got my foot's nestled safely in a
cookie sheet it's [__] great
so it says strong
it says to try for yourself cut a piece
of fresh garlic in half then in a
separate room that doesn't smell like
garlic take off your shoes and socks and
place your feet into a plastic bag with
the piece of garlic
after an hour you'll be able to both
taste and smell the card neither of you
are doing any of it right you've missed
on every level it's not contained it's
not fresh garlic
you don't have a time you do not have
the time to taste the garlic but i feel
like you have to stick with what you're
doing until you get that hour to find
out if there is any effect in a separate
room that doesn't smell like garlic
how is that important does it mean you
should stay in there
well no no it's just you know garlic
gives a lot of odor so you don't want to
be you like want to establish this isn't
from cutting up the garlic in this space
you're smelling that you're in a garlic
freeze out outside of what's on your
foot oh can i give you guys a little bit
of good oh there's good veggies can i
give you guys a little bit of good uh
good face news yes yes
the most recent episode of face to be in
the report i don't know if it's this
wednesday's episode no it'd be last
week's episode so that was 70 or 71 i
think it was the
probably the spicy icy episode that's
which episode was
70 which was the mid-episode retraction
and retrain and anus
okay that one that is the uh on track to
be the highest uh viewed episode or
listen to episode of all time wow that's
awesome yeah yeah it's uh doing really
well thank you to everybody who's
listening and sharing it for real thank
you so much to everybody who's listening
and some of you appear to be listening
twice or even three times like you two
or three times more and if you told
somebody about it super appreciate that
too it's nice to know that people are
listening i really appreciate i really
appreciate the people who are actually
telling
because it's a gamble it's a gamble
saying hey listen to this podcast give
up your time for this [__]
i i feel like that's a special bond if
you if you know someone you would share
this podcast with
i think that's great for your friendship
listen you need to hear me out but they
put a bunch of garlic on their feet
but they did it wrong and that's why
it's funny
god damn dude
the thing
i don't even know if i did it right to
be completely honest we're gonna if
we're just gonna be sharing things here
i don't know if i did it right i don't
think i cut into every piece i've got
five pieces of garlic in the bag i cut
two and a half i guess three of them i
think that's a 3k i think it's enough i
think if i'm going to get it i'm going
to get it at that point all i know is
that i don't want to be anywhere near
that when you open the bag
it's going to be that's the problem
rancid here's the thing i don't i'm
scared to do it i don't know when i'm
gonna take this bag off it might just be
here for a while
just shove that bag just take your foot
with that bag and shove it in the fire
extinguisher bag i just nest make it
like a matrix doll of uh dumb [__]
you've done on this podcast yeah take it
out of that bag dunk it straight in the
fire extinguisher dust and it will uh
dampen the smell realistically i don't
know why i'd have to take the bag off
like what would be the thing that forces
me to do it i think i could live my life
with this foot bag for a while you're a
fool
i don't want to i don't want to i'm just
saying i think i could you could and
here i'm gonna i'm gonna go through
something this reminds me of a piece of
golden
amazing brilliant early internet
uh do you guys remember the spark.com
there uh i think it's like a it's like
it's like a cliff notes kind of thing
and then i i think it eventually turned
into a dating site um
but before that they did like it was
like an internet
well they called them e-insights
everything nothing site but it was like
a blog like entertainment back in the
day and there was a guy on there named
christian who would do all these
experiments he had this one called the
date my sister project he did a bunch of
different stuff but he did one called
there was one called the stinky meat
project where somebody took a whole
bunch of uh like barbecue and they put
it on a plate and then they hid it in
their neighbor's backyard and then they
just would sneak over once a day and
document it as it was deteriorating and
seeing how long it would take his
neighbors to notice the smell so he did
one that was like a response to that
called the stinky feet project where he
went i think he's from boston he went
into a public
like a ymca shower barefoot with one
foot and he walked around the shower uh
and bathroom barefoot and then he stuck
his foot in a plastic bag for 30 days
and didn't take it out oh it was called
the stinky feet project oh geez to see
like what would happen to him and he
documented it hilariously the whole way
and uh he ended up with like you know
all manner of issues with his foot but
jesus christ was any of it permanent i
don't know i don't know that was so this
was like pre-rooster teeth this was
early 2000's uh
probably 2001 2002 but uh if you could
probably find it online it was a very
funny you know it was back then it was
all like pictures and and and yes there
was pre video so very funny i feel like
as long as i hop on one leg i could
commit crimes right now and i'd be good
i wouldn't get caught
except you would leave a trail of garlic
smell all the way back
i'm like i'm like a batman villain the
garlic bandit yeah yep
[Laughter]
i think i smell garlic
right now
i think it's coming i think it's kicking
in i can really
i got some garlic in the air that's
probably because there's garlic have you
achieved a full hour yeah no i've i put
this on
74 minutes ago so i'm getting i feel
like i'm getting i feel like it's
kicking in i feel like i'm getting some
strong strong garden garden gla garlic
i can't even say it strong garlic odors
right now yeah but that's because
there's actually garlic in your foot no
but it's in my nose right like it's it's
deep yeah listen you wouldn't understand
you didn't do this experiment
but it is
it's in my core have you wrapped the bag
enough to the point where you know no
garlic is leaking out i taped the [__]
out of the top of that bag i did like oh
yeah
oh it's gonna be a problem when i take
off this bag that's not gonna be fun
do you know i think i know the next face
uniform uh project we could make garlic
bags garlic patches garlic patches for
your feet yeah almost like i like those
like icy hot patches you put on your
back but that imbue the power of garlic
into your foot so that you could be like
hey you know my girlfriend doesn't like
when i eat garlic because it gives me a
stinky mouth but i like to eat garlic
with my dinner so like an hour before
you go to your restaurant slap on a
garlic patch on the heel of your foot
put your sock in your shoe on like
normal eat go eat your steak and your
mashed potatoes you'll be tasting garlic
all goddamn day long but when you get a
kisser at the end of the night you won't
have garlic breath would it be like a
massive nicotine patch
like with like a big band-aid with a
garlic like lump in the middle
it could be yeah we'll call it flavor
foot it's gonna revolutionize the world
could it just be socks jeff could we
sell could it would it be a garlic sock
product maybe
it looks socks it looks like a normal
sock but you slip it over two left
garlic socks i was asking the i had a
merch meeting yesterday and i was i was
asking the merch guys if we could sell
like
uh face branded like tiger balm and icy
hot for all of my injuries
what they said no yeah
i feel like that's a tough one
yeah
also all of your relationship to tiger
bomb on this show has been shoving it in
your [__] i don't feel like that's
the thing you then want to sell like is
that well i wanted to get like the patch
from my back because i've been going
through them
that's fair
you're [__] back
you're going to ride roller coasters
next week
[Laughter]
i'm definitely going to see them i don't
know if i'll ride them
you just made my week jeff all of next
week i'll be thinking about you and your
shitty back walking around
i'm not gonna be i don't know how much
walking i'll be doing either you're
gonna experience zero amusement at this
amusement park it's gonna be fantastic
it's gonna make me very happy jack made
a joke today that he would just push me
around in a wheelchair so i don't i
can't get out of it and that actually
seems like a solution to me so i'm i'm
open to that if i have to
just like the idea of some fan
seeing that and taking a picture
[Laughter]
oh this girl i'm getting a lot of garlic
i'm tasting it
it's working the science is working
you're tasting it just in your mouth i'm
tasting it in my mouth right now this is
[__] crazy i didn't expect this to
work are you are you still garlicking
gavin
no i i was my leg was going numb and i
wasn't like an hour in so i just scraped
the garlic off
my sandwich was gone i had a feeling you
were gonna [__] out but for the record
i am still garlicking so i'm i gotta be
going on 30 minutes at this point i
should i should be getting
i mean you're missing key steps but i'm
i could i need to try i need to have
some bread give me a minute let me get
this bread let me open this up see if
this is some garlic bread
well it should be toast really shouldn't
it for the full effect well
is it no there's not you can have garlic
bread without it being toasted what do
you think's more iconic garlic bread or
garlic mashed potatoes
oh garlic bread yeah i guess by a lot
garlic mashed potatoes are great that
that reminds me we need to i feel like
we need to get into this list because
there's some things
yeah let's get into the list there's
some things that we need to address with
this so an amazing comment leaver has
compiled
a list of all of the
i'm not or i am a blank guy moments from
andrew
and it is uh an insane thing to read
in a row
should i just read down the list and
then we can get into the like do you
remember what they are uh do you want to
do that or do you want to go one by one
and then like address yeah let's go one
by one and i can address them
as they appear okay it's definitely what
i'm immediately noticing is
it's definitely ramped up as face has
gone on towards the beginning there's
like a seven episode gap where you never
said it there's a nine episode gap after
that all right
episode one it just says unsure if he's
a dan bilzerian guy definitely not a
damn bizarre
still true
not a good medical person i don't know
what that i'm gonna assume it's like
i don't know what that is i don't know
what that is but i think it's probably
true i'd say that's okay
do you want to move on from that one is
that the best uh well i i'm gonna guess
that that's probably related to like
going to get checked out when my ankles
[__] up or something like that like
i'm gonna assume it's that episode 19
not an egg guy still not an egg i still
haven't tried it like a classic
classic moment
not a big chocolate fan see that is i
want to i want to clarify that that's an
important clarification i it's not that
i dislike choc i would say i'm not a
chocolate guy i think that's true i
prefer like salt
but
you okay jeff you getting some garlic
i feel like you may have moved his foot
i
haven't moved my foot at all but i'm
telling you i'm sitting in garlic juice
i think it's
dude my nose all at once just started
tickling in the back and like burning
like i had wasabi or something
and i definitely can smell garlic in a
way i couldn't before a deep a deep
garlic smell oh it's uncomfortable
[Music]
sorry sorry continue i think my favorite
thing about this list is that for
episode one you were unsure if you were
a denver guy it wasn't like
i didn't know i don't think he knew who
he was i didn't really know who he was
yeah i've learned since not a not a damn
blizzarian guy at all
episode 21 not a frozen fruit guy this
is i need to talk about this this has
been a big recent change in my life i am
now put it on record i'm now a big
frozen fruit guy whoa
frozen episode 21 not a frozen fruit guy
episode 73 a frozen fruit guy yep no
it's on the on the books i would almost
go as far as saying i recently have
gotten into some frozen raspberries like
store-bought frozen in a bag raspberries
game changer might be my favorite way to
eat raspberries at this point throw them
in some water use them as ice cubes just
eat them out of the bag they're
delicious you better like blend them up
on even a smoothie well i'm sure you
could do that too i haven't gone that
far yet i've just i've used them as like
good on ice cubes and frost
yeah they're great try it it's [__]
delicious
highly recommend are you an ice eater
because a lot of people just ch like
chewing gum ice cream
that's another thing i i was also i
hated ice i've become a nice guy i'm not
gonna chew on them i'm not a big chewing
ice guy but i'm putting them in some
drinks recently
outcast was right
cooler there is something cooler than
cool and it's ice cold and it's [__]
great put some ice in that drink
you're gonna have a great time i used to
just think oh it's in the fridge it's
cool i'm good enough no you get some ice
cubes in there it is delicious
big ice cream list faster that i can
read it all right
not a big syrup guy
that's true in the same episode
not a pants guy i don't even own a pair
of pants so yeah still remains true do
you not own no no i hate paint
not a caffeine person yeah it's not a
judgment i just don't drink coffee i'm
not a big energy drink consumer i just
don't have a lot of caffeine but nothing
against it are you still are you still
using your keurig to make uh other [__]
i i haven't used it in a while uh to
make anything but hot chocolate i'm
still in some hot chocolate rotation
with it but i haven't used it for ramen
recently gotcha no cooking recipes
episode 29
would love to be a hat guy i would
absolutely love to be a hat guy it's
just it's my head's too big
i can't do it
in the same episode not a big party guy
okay that's absolutely the one where you
sat in the chair yeah probably it was
within the context of that i'd assume
episode 30. not a mayo guy not a soup
guy not a heating guy
not a heating gun
so we need to we need to tackle these
one at a time i am still not a mayo guy
but holy [__] am i an aioli guy i
[__] love an aioli you give me a
roasted garlic i know it's just mayo but
if you dab a different word you fancy it
up and call it a daioli i'm all on board
give me endless aioli but i hate mayo so
you like flavored mayo is what you're
saying i'm a fan of flavored mayo and
i'm okay with mayo as long as i know
it's not there it needs to be a sneaky
mayo so do you think uh one step up from
the condiment challenge would be the
aioli challenge i don't want us to touch
condiments ever in the future i'm not
scared
of this podcast
you also can't do better than a garlic
aioli so there's no point there's no
evolution on it last night at survivor
meg brought up the the condiment thing
and i was just like nope
still not a soup guy absolutely hate
heating not a fan of it in any way not a
fan what does that mean heating like
radiators or like central air yeah yeah
like like if i if i want my place to be
as cool as it possibly can be i don't
like it when it's hot outside i much
prefer cold over hot but what if you're
too cold i'm never too cold
never doesn't happen it's never an issue
okay
still not a soup guy interesting because
there's some good soups out there
there's some great soups i could see
myself eventually becoming a soup guy
but i just haven't i haven't experienced
what's your favorite soup gavin yeah i
feel like mine was an acquired taste my
favorite soup is probably my least
favorite soup when i was growing up
tomato and basil mmm that's a good soup
you do you feel like you have to be
grown up to um to really enjoy it yeah i
remember as a kid just being like look
same with the smell
uh
episode 32
oh this one
he's he's made sure not to just blindly
put them in he's clarified asked if he's
not much of a bat guy by jeff
i feel like that one doesn't really
count yeah i was gonna say i would say
at that time not a bad guy at this point
i own like four bats so i think i'm
definitively a bad guy at this point i
have to be episode 33
the return of not a pants guy the second
mentioning i need it to be known that's
how much i dislike pants it needs
multiple sayings i am not do not accuse
me of being a paints guy it's not true
uh there was then a seven episode gap
when you stated i'm not a sox guy still
true not a socks guy don't like him it's
like a prison on your feet i don't like
him i like my feet to breathe coming
from the guy with a bag of garlic straps
this is my commitment to the show
this isn't the thing i do
[Music]
uh episode 41
not the sound guy
i don't know what that means
maybe we were dealing with oh that was
in the interest so we're probably
dealing with your tech problems i assume
oh that makes sense you also said not a
social media guy coming from the guy
who's been on social media for over a
decade i think i don't know what that
what does that mean what do you mean you
said you're not a social media guy yeah
but what does the the for a decade thing
what does that mean are you saying that
well it doesn't matter when i got it i
barely use it um i like i look at tweets
i'm not posting a lot almost everything
i post is related to the show i think
i've had a twitter account for 13 years
and i've less than i'd say 700 tweets
pretty low i'd say you're a social media
guy nah i i bet you i bet you i bet you
300 of those are show related uh okay
well possibly
episode 44.
a mere four episodes after not a sox guy
andrew declares he is not a socks guy
once again twice in the same episode
andrew feels so strongly about
restrictive clothing i'm not a fan of
those three mentions of not a socks yeah
once in 40 and twice and 44. episode 45
don't understand this one at all not a
fine ideas guy this is what i think it
is i've thought about this and i agree
with this statement
so i'm a big fan of either terrible
ideas or great ideas i don't like a
decent idea a middle idea isn't that
exciting
it's fine that plan is a fine plan i
either want it to be a horrible plan or
a great plan
i'm not a big fine idea this guy
fine you think that's all that means is
that right i think so i haven't checked
but i'm assuming that's the context
episode 46 not a hand towel guy i never
use them don't need them
unneeded
are you are you more of a
like a
dyson airblade or an accelerator guy
like a blower guy or are you talking
like in the bathroom at home you just
sort of shake your hands dry oh you're
shaking the hands and yeah from if we're
talking a food situation i'm not even a
napkin guy don't need it i'm careful
with what i do i'm precise
i don't need anything
not a napkin
i'm careful with what i do i am
i make sure
the sauce the food ratio is fine it's
not gonna spill if it does then i just
have to live with it that's life you
have consequences for your actions when
you stepped in a sushi container yeah i
assumed there was some residue in it
what did you how did you get that off no
i don't think there was i think it was
just like a top it was the top it was
the cover part i don't think there was
anything there and if i did i would have
stepped in it
i i'm probably just having a shower at
that point if it's
we're washing it away you would say a
paper towel is is the tool of the
imprecise thing
uh
well a paper towel i feel like has other
uses than just culinary that's the thing
you could wipe down
all sorts of things with so i i yeah i i
wouldn't say that i don't think episode
47 not a butt doctor i feel
[Laughter]
tell me about how cars are barking at
you again
um
what
was that the one where i said did you
have an anal fissure you think and then
i doubled yeah i think that was the uh
yeah fatal trenches era probably yeah
episode 49 this is a hell of a lot
not a big phone person not a hot not a
cold or hot what does it say oh yeah not
a big phone person not a cold or room
temperature cheese guy
not a big ham person
that's all
all true i don't use my phone all that
often uh i'm not not big on apps on the
phone
i uh can't stand if you're gonna have
cheese on something to better be melted
there's nothing more disappointing to me
than some of your
once again sort of like the mayo i'm not
gonna order it if it's there i'm fine
with it
episode 51
not a cold guy
that so with that that is in with your
um this is the thing i need yeah i love
the cold i'm a big fan of the cold i
don't know what this would be in
reference to
well i i feel like i feel like it's
similar to what you just said where you
say you don't get cold you're not a cold
guy oh
that could be it you may decipher it i
do not get cold yeah no i think that
might be right gavin that's a good call
by you that was my prediction anyway
we'll have to verify these obviously uh
episode 52 not an arts and crafts guy i
think my basket shows otherwise i think
i've changed that i think it's clearly
i clearly am at this point
episode 53 not a big mashed potato
person see this is the other thing i am
the biggest potato guy
maybe in canada i'm a big potato guy i
love his
statement you're the biggest potato guy
in canada i think so i love a potato
i'll take a potato any meal you don't
like it mashed is that what you know i
love mashed potatoes i don't know what
you're talking about i feel like this
may have been and i'm just gonna i'm
gonna make a prediction here this one i
i was trying to make hash browns and
they turned into mashed potatoes and i
didn't know how to then make mashed
potato i don't really know how to make
mashed potatoes but i'll eat the [__]
out of some mashed potatoes i love a
good match so it's more of a i'm not a
big mashed potatoes preparation person
yeah i'm not a big mashed potato recipe
guy is probably actually how that should
read i would assume because i am a huge
mashed potato guy
episode 56 not a can guy also true
respect the can i just don't drink many
things out of a can not a canned guy a
six episode break and then episode 62
not a pasta guy once again true nothing
against it i just not my rotation to
foods all that often that's still true
fair play
so i remember this one episode 63 not a
measuring guy i mean
i think dinklage just says it all we all
have it's this is not a thing i'm good
at i feel like a a really uh talented
artist comment leaver or rooster teeth
artist could make a like a
campaign-style poster of andrew like
vote for andrew running for biggest
potato guy in canada and then it could
have all the vote for andrew he's a and
then all of the things you are and and
he's also not a
this could be all of the attributes
because of your platforms it could just
be a bunch of things with a little
checkbox it's either xd out or it's got
a checklist
[Laughter]
i'm sorry there's an x through eating
but a tick
i want one where i've reversed position
like the frozen fruit like it's an
accident
it's a double
it's like scribbled out
yeah
that'd be an awesome poster oh man
episode 65
not a big bike guy specifically big
bikes apparently i'm not a big guy
i love a little bike but not a big bike
which leads us directly into episode 66
not a big rules guy
this is a real moral dilemma for me
because i think i think that's true but
as i've also said i'm a big recipe guy i
will follow that recipe to a tea i will
obey the laws of a recipe
but general rules it's a little
sometimes they're dumb sometimes there's
some dumb rules
an episode
not a knot guy yeah yeah no that's very
true so like tying knots i i think i've
we talked about this before i had boat
safety grade five i was like i'm gonna
ace this [__] boat safety course i'm
gonna do amazing at it there's a whole
section on knots and i gave up that's
the end of my pursuit of a perfect score
can't do it oh
so shout out to uh
was this you username evie
lincoln evil lincoln
evie lincoln was it died
i think you nailed it one of the two
there's no way it's not one of the two
things he said
i'm glad you took the shot at it kevin
because i didn't know how to read it
either
i appreciate you making the attempt yeah
it's like a
both words use the l it looks like yeah
dude evie eevee evil evil lincoln uh
thank you that might have been the
funniest
segment in the history of this podcast
we got some new
we got some new stuff out of it too oh
my god i'm reading yeah we got new
segments in the list it honestly makes
you sound like a complete psychopath it
does
reading that back-to-back over the
course of like over a year it's like
yeah
look at all these guys rules trying to
make a mental picture of of that person
in your head while you're listening to
it yeah oh my god i'd love to see that
in a flow chart
it goes down
to andrew penton
oh there's also like an additional
section of stuff that you were unsure
about but yeah i don't know if you want
to get into that one i know maybe we do
that next time there's not many of them
yeah
oh yeah
that was good
it's weird to think about that like in
the future if i go back and listen to
this episode i'll just know that i had a
bag of garlic taped to my feet the
entire time
[Laughter]
oh i got to be honest i still don't
taste garlic i thought i smelled it for
a bit there when my nose got tickly but
i i have a mild taste it's not as
powerful as i want but it's definitely i
smell it like it's deep in the nose i
feel it there not much of a taste though
i don't think that this could replace
applying garlic to your food directly is
what i declare from from this experiment
well maybe
see that's we we can that's the nice
thing about the garlic patch right or
the foot flavor the flavor foot uh is we
can increase the uh
we can we can increase the amount of
garlic the concentration of garlic or
whatever that molecule is and so that we
can really just like like it's like when
you take a vitamin b pill and it gives
you like 1200 percent the daily
recommended allotment
we can just like [__] just like cram
like
a way too dangerous amount of garlic
into your body so that you really get a
sense of it should i try to take this
bag off as we end the show i'm assuming
we're at the end
oh yeah in the episode
what was that
this is
not easy
oh it smells so garlicky
okay
i don't know what you were expecting ah
gavin i just had a great idea for a
prank
you know how do you know how when you're
a kid and you have sleepovers and you'll
like put somebody's hand in warm water
to make them pee the bed
we should start
garlic bagging people's feet and then
see if they wake up from garlic's taste
to their mouth
oh
oh like garlic masks for the foot
i got hiccups oh man that was disgusting
hey thanks
thank you for listening to another
episode of this just
podcast
uh
sir surviving members jeff ramsey and
gavin free uh rest in peace andrew
panton raymond somer uh vancouver child
kicker
and uh many of your other uh colorful uh
non-deployments uh as always if you
enjoyed the show tell a friend about it
we really could uh use the help
we exist pretty much uh as a company by
word of mouth
and certainly as a podcast as well and
this isn't gonna be one of those ones
where i talk forever to annoy eric
because he's not even here so i'll just
say love you bye bye
[Music]